So now it is time to actually launch our public is to instance and to do that.
Let's go to our class and have a method for launching these two instances.
And I'm just going to go blow right here and I'm going to name my method as lounge you see to instance
and 40 arguments as I always do.
I'm just going to leave it as is and I'm going to start by typing the method and seeing what it has
to pass in.
So I'm going to use the run two instances and it's this method.
So let's hit enter and see what we have to provide.
So as you can see there is a huge list of options that I have to provide for my E.C two instances but
to actually see what we need to pro-white Let's go back to our boatful 3 documentation in our Bothell
3 documentation.
Let's just check out the run instances method.
And within the method parameters and if we go it's a huge list of arguments only the required parts
are our concern.
So let's just check out those guys
so an MRI is required to launch an instance must be specified here or in a launch template.
And since we're not using a launch template we're going to have to provide an image ID.
And of course the instance type is again has to be provided either in the launch template or within
the method parameters.
So we're going to have to provide the instance type within the parameters.
And of course we're going to have to provide a key name if we want to access this E.S. to instance from
like S-sh and everything else.
And we're also going to have to provide a maximum number of easy to instances count and minimum number
of easy to instances count.
And other than that we're going to of course have to provide some security groups or security group
ids because otherwise if we don't do that we won't be able to access are easy to instance because it
will not know how to be accessed from the outside world and also to place are easy to instance within
a subnet.
We're going to provide the subnet I.D. to our easy to instance.
So that looks like basically it for our easy to is does and we can just go back and launch our is to
instance now.
So let's just go back to our implementation and start providing our arguments and the first thing that
I want to provide is the image I.D. and for the image I.D. We're going to have to check out the AWOS
latest image I.D. or maybe the marketplace for any image I.D. that we want to have that you want to
use.
We're going to just do that in a couple of minutes so let's just go down and provide other arguments
for our easy to instance and the next thing that I want to provide is the key name.
So let's just say key name and after that I'm going to have to provide a minimum count for two instances.
Analysts say men count and also a maximum count is required.
So max count and then I'm going to say the instance type is going to be a T-2 micro.
That's only because if you're on Freet here because T-2 micro is a free tier eligible instance type
so you can use it without simply paying almost anything for up to a year.
But you definitely have to check out your account for any issues with your billing and purchasing.
All right.
And the next thing I want to provide is the IDs of these security groups.
But since I just have only a single security group I'm just going to provide the ideal of that security
group.
So within the within a list I'm going to provide the security group I.D. The only I.D. that I have.
And after my security group I.D. I'm going to pro-white the subnet ID.
And finally for the last part I'm going to provide the user data at the startup script that I just built.
So for that I'm going to say use data.
All right.
And let us add the arguments to our method signature starting off with Image ID key name men
and max count and the other thing is security group id subnet ID.
And finally user data.
All right.
And let's also indicate that we're launching
is two instances and let's just indicate the number of E.S. two instances as the men count.
Easy to instance
analysts indicate it might be more than one in two instances and that's basically it.
And let's also say within subnet and subnet Id just like that.
So this is basically it for launching and E.C two instances.
So let's just go back to our main class and implement this method.
So in our main class I'm going to go and implement my to instance launching Methot.
So I'm going to say easy to lounge easy to instance and then I'm going to say for the image idea of
course I have to go to a W-S console and let's just do that now.
And as you can remember from our earlier section we already opened up the page and if you're not there
yet let's just go back for a moment and on the instances section on the left when you click on lounge
instances you can see that the latest Amazon Linux is named as this.
This is the idea of the latest Amazon Linux image.
So if I just copy that and I can just use that as my my.
And here we go for the next argument I'm going to have to provide the key pair name and for the minimum
count I just want a single instance.
And I also want a single instance as the maxim count and I'm going to use the public security group
ID for my easy to instance for my public easy to instance.
And for the subnet tidy I'm going to use the public subnet ID and for the user data I'm simply going
to provide my user data that I just implemented right here.
So this is basically it for launching and easy to instance within a public subnet using the Amazon images
and security groups.
So let's also indicate that we're launching a public a C to instance
launching
public see to instance and let's just say with
using so
my and the and my name if we go and we don't have to actually separate these two and that's it.
All right.
This is basically it for launching and easy to instance within a public subnet in a public security
group.